## 👋 welcome to [xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm)!

### 🙋‍♀️ a brief introduction

we are a community of developers, designers, and enthusiasts who are passionate
about building the next generation of personal intelligent agents, running on
_our_ devices, _our_ data, and on _our_ terms.  we believe in a future of
collective intelligence and personal autonomy, where we are in control of our
data, our devices, and our digital lives.

[xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm) is your personal intelligent agent
network across your iot, mobile, and desktop devices - a privacy-first,
open-source project that is built by the community, for the community, and
consists of community members' devices.


### 🌈 contribution guidelines

we welcome all contributions from the community! here's how you can get
involved:

1. **bug reporting**: if you find a bug in our software, please report it on our
github issue tracker. be sure to include as much detail as possible so we can
reproduce and fix the issue.

2. **feature requests**: if you have an idea for a new feature or an improvement
to an existing one, please create a new issue on our github repository
describing your idea. we love hearing from our users and your idea could become
a part of [xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm)!

3. **code contributions**: if you're a developer and want to contribute code,
please check out our github issue tracker for open issues that you can work on.
before you start coding, make sure to read our coding standards and guidelines,
which can be found in the `contributing.md` file in our repository.

4. **documentation**: good documentation is as important as good code. if you
like to write and want to contribute, our documentation could always use more
examples, better explanations, and more. you can find our documentation in the
`docs` folder in our repository.

5. **community**: join our community! participate in discussions on our github
issues, help out other users, and become a part of the
[xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm) family.

remember, all contributions, big or small, are valued in our community. we
believe that every contribution helps us build a better, more powerful
[xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm). thank you for your interest and we
look forward to your contribution!

### 👩‍💻 useful resources

here are some resources that will help you get started with
[xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm):

- **documentation**: our documentation is a great place to start if you're new
to [xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm). it provides a comprehensive guide
on how to use [xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm), as well as detailed
explanations of its features. you can find our documentation in the `docs`
folder in our repository.

- **tutorials**: we have a series of tutorials that can help you get started
with [xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm). these tutorials cover everything
from setting up [xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm) to using its advanced
features. you can find these tutorials on our website.

- **api reference**: if you're a developer, our api reference is a valuable
resource. it provides detailed information about our api, including the
available endpoints, the data they return, and how to use them. you can find our
api reference on our website.

- **community**: our community is a great resource if you have any questions or
need help. you can join our community by participating in discussions on our
github issues or by joining our discord server.

- **code examples**: we have a collection of code examples that demonstrate how
to use [xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm). these examples can be a great
starting point if you're planning to contribute code to
[xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm). you can find these examples in the
`examples` folder in our repository.

### 🍿 fun facts

- our team is distributed across the globe, so we eat a variety of breakfasts!
some of us enjoy a traditional breakfast of eggs and bacon, while others prefer
a bowl of rice or a piece of fruit.  - the name
"[xotswarm🐝](https://github.com/xotswarm)" was inspired by the concept of a
swarm of intelligent agents working together.  - our mascot is a bee,
symbolizing the idea of a swarm and the power of collective intelligence.